okay okay
I have a meeting in order
I make a motion to oh wait this is the
wrong way okay all right I make a motion
to come out of executive session
for the consideration and the hiring of
the board Clerk
okay
second I need a second do we need to
name that person no no you have to come
out of the vehicle oh Mega motion I'll
second that to come out of executive
okay all those in favor to come out of
executive session please say aye
aye okay
I make a motion to
have the consideration of hiring board
clerk Brandi parity
okay I have a motion to hire brand new
parody As board Clerk
for a second okay motion from Vice chair
Brown second from uh trustee rhyme book
all those in favor say aye aye
aye those opposed okay
on the records saying that I'm going to
abstain because I have not been part of
the process not that I've been not
informed but that I just am not
um
just want to abstain okay we have one
abstention for four eyes
and
and just on the record is that the board
clerk is like a clerk of the court and
that needs to be respected as such
Okay so
I'll make a motion to go into executive
session or executive session for student
matters that's provided in Idaho code 74
206 1B and D okay I have a motion on the
floor from trustee Hall to go into
executive session do I have a second I
second that
okay I have a motion and a second to go
into executive session as provided in
Idaho code 74-206 one
D and D
the roll call the police Brandy
it's chair Brown
here
trustee Hall here trustee Barton
Burton
here she said yes trusky Reinbold here
chair Rutledge here okay we're now in
executive session
get your steps in
it